   To:            Alex Sudakov(alexsudakov@prodigy.net)
   Subject:       U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 99155777 - SCAM HUNTERS
   Sent:          September 30, 2025 06:02:57 PM EDT
   Sent As:       tmng.notices@uspto.gov


   Attachments



                          United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
                     Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application

U.S. Application Serial No. 99155777

Mark: SCAM HUNTERS

Correspondence Address:
Alex Sudakov
20d Glastonbury Drive
Monroe Township NJ 08831
United States

Applicant: Alex Sudakov

Reference/Docket No. N/A

Correspondence Email Address: alexsudakov@prodigy.net




                                   NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION


Response deadline. File a response to this nonfinal Office action within three months of the “Issue
date” below to avoid abandonment of the application. Review the Office action and respond using one
of the links to the appropriate electronic forms in the “How to respond” section below.

Request an extension. For a fee, applicant may request one three-month extension of the response
deadline prior to filing a response. The request must be filed within three months of the “Issue date”
below. If the extension request is granted, the USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter
within six months of the “Issue date” to avoid abandonment of the application.

Issue date: September 30, 2025




The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a),
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
  • Disclaimer Required

   • Identification of Services-Indefinite


SEARCH RESULTS – NO CONFLICTING MARKS FOUND

The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.

DISCLAIMER REQUIRED

Applicant must disclaim the wording “SCAM” because it is merely descriptive of an ingredient,
quality, characteristic, function, feature, purpose, or use of applicant’s goods and/or services. See 15
U.S.C. §§1052(e)(1), 1056(a); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247,
1251, 103 USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a).

This wording appears in applicant's services. Specifically, applicant's goods and/or services contain
"educational and entertainment services, namely, a continuing program about scams and fraudulent
activities online accessible via internet and over the phone". Thus, the wording merely describes a
feature, purpose, and characteristic of applicant's services.

Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format:

      No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “SCAM” apart from the mark as shown.

For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the electronic response
form, see the Disclaimer webpage.

IDENTIFICATION OF SERVICES-INDEFINITE

This requirement applies only to the goods and/or services identified and addressed below.

Some of the wording in the identification of goods and/or services is indefinite and/or overly broad;
that is, it is not clear what the nature of the goods and/or services is and/or the identification could
include goods and/or services in more than one international class. The identification of goods and/or
services must be specific, definite, clear, accurate, and concise. See 15 U.S.C. §§1051(a)(2),
1051(b)(2), 1053, 1126(d)-(e), 1141f; 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §§1402.01, 1402.01(b)-(c).

Therefore, applicant must either (1) delete the unacceptable wording or (2) amend it to definite wording
that specifies the nature of the goods and/or services in greater detail and that is within the scope of the
original identification. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §§1402.01, 1402.03. For assistance with
drafting acceptable wording, use the USPTO’s online searchable Acceptable Identification of Goods
and Services Manual (ID Manual). See TMEP §1402.04. For guidance on searching the ID Manual,
see “Searching the Trademark ID Manual” located under “Guides, Manuals, and Resources” in the
Trademark portion of USPTO.gov, linked here.
Applicant is in the best position to know their goods and/or services, and the ID Manual is a good
resource for finding an appropriate amendment. Applicant may adopt the suggested identification and
classification below, if accurate, which identifies the specific indefinite or overly broad wording and
suggested clarification of that wording in bold font and which may indicate deletion of some or all of
the indefinite or overly broad wording:

International Class 041: "Educational and entertainment services, namely, a continuing program about
scams and fraudulent activities online accessible via over the internet and via mobile phone
applications over the phone".

Applicant’s goods and/or services may be clarified or limited, but may not be expanded beyond those
originally itemized in the application or as acceptably amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP
§1402.06. Applicant may clarify or limit the identification by inserting qualifying language or deleting
items to result in a more specific identification; however, applicant may not substitute different goods
and/or services or add goods and/or services not found or encompassed by those in the original
application or as acceptably amended. See TMEP §1402.06(a)-(b). The scope of the goods and/or
services sets the outer limit for any changes to the identification and is generally determined by the
ordinary meaning of the wording in the identification. TMEP §§1402.06(b), 1402.07(a)-(b). Any
acceptable changes to the goods and/or services will further limit scope, and once goods and/or services
are deleted, they are not permitted to be reinserted. TMEP §1402.07(e).

RESPONSE GUIDELINES

Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see the Responding to Office
Actions webpage for more information and tips on responding.

Because of the legal technicalities and strict deadlines of the trademark application process, applicant is
encouraged to hire a private attorney who specializes in trademark matters to assist in this process. The
assigned trademark examining attorney can provide only limited assistance explaining the content of an
Office action and the application process. USPTO staff cannot provide legal advice or statements about
an applicant’s legal rights. TMEP §§705.02, 709.06. See Hiring a U.S.-licensed trademark attorney for
more information.

Please email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action.
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP
§§705.02, 709.06. The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails
can be used for informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R.
§§2.62(c), 2.191; TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.

Beware of trademark-related scams. Applicants are recommended to protect themselves from
people and companies that may try to take financial advantage of them based on the information in
their trademark application. Private companies may call applicants and pretend to be the USPTO or
may send communications that resemble official USPTO documents to trick applicants into paying
unnecessary fees. Be advised that the USPTO will never request a credit card number or social security
number over the phone. Applicants are strongly encouraged to verify correspondence originating from
the USPTO by entering the application serial number in the USPTO database, TSDR, to confirm that it
appears under the “Documents” tab, or contacting the Trademark Assistance Center.

How to respond. File a response form to this nonfinal Office action or file a request form for an
extension of time to file a response.



                                     /Carolyn Wlodarczyk/
                                     Trademark Examining Attorney
                                     Law Office 109
                                     (571) 272-9273
                                     Carolyn.Wlodarczyk@USPTO.GOV



RESPONSE GUIDANCE
   • Missing the deadline for responding to this letter will cause the application to abandon. A
     response or extension request must be received by the USPTO before 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time
     of the last day of the response deadline. Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS)
     system availability could affect an applicant’s ability to timely respond. For help resolving
     technical issues with TEAS, email TEAS@uspto.gov.

   • Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to
     abandon. If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual
     applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant. If
     applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.

   • If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the
     signature block.
              United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)

                           USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
                      Office Action (Official Letter) has issued
                             on September 30, 2025 for
                 U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 99155777

A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office
action. You must respond to this Office action to avoid your application abandoning. Follow
the steps below.

(1) Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.

(2) Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application
System (TEAS). Your response, or extension request, must be received by the USPTO on or
before 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time of the last day of the response deadline. Otherwise, your
application will be abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.

(3) Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).

After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.


GENERAL GUIDANCE
   • Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status &
     Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.

   • Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO
     notices about your application.

   • Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that
     may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend
     to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO
     documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security
     number over the phone. Verify the correspondence originated from us by using your
     serial number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the “Documents”
     tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center.

   • Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
